# CS310-TeamProject
This project is software for a business to automate the process of timekeeping for employees. It uses SQL for the database and Java as the language for ease of use on any system. Employees use a terminal to clock in or out, and the employer uses a web based portal to easily access the data from any machine.
TASLogic.java is where all of the business logic is. It computes the employees' total amount of hours worked over a specified period of time, using the rules given by the business. If the given employee has no work recorded in the database, it returns an error.
TASDatabase.java is all of the logic for the business program to interact with the SQL database. When an employee clocks in or out using their badge, it records all of the data to the database. The database has many seperate tables: one for ever badge and the employee associated with that badge; one for every terminal that can be used to clock in and the department where the terminal is located;one that contains a list of every employee and all of the data associated with them; a table for whether an employee is full time or inactive; a table for every punch recorded to the database and all of its associated data; a table defining the different types of punches; and a table containing the data for every shift the business has.
Punch.java is the object that contains the data for a punch done at a terminal, and all of the logic requred for it. Every punch has a unique id, and id associated with the terminal used, the employee's badge, the time the punch was entered, the time of the punch adjusted to the business's rules (which is then used by TASLogic), and the type of punch (clock in,clock out, or timeout). It also contains the logic to retrieve the data about the shift the employee is on and adjust the original timestamp of the punch according that given shift. It contains getter and setter functions for every piece of data.
Shift.java is the object that contains the data for a given shift and all the logic it requires. It contains the id of the shift, a description of the shift, timestamps for the beginning and end of the shift and for the beginning and end of the lunchbreak during the shift, the interval, graceperiod, and dock for the shift (used to calculate the adjusted punch in the punch class). It contains getter and setter functions for every piece of data.
Badge.java is the object that contains all of the data for a badge and the logic it requires. The badge objects contain the unique badge id and a description (the name of the employee using the badge). It also contains getter and setter functions for both pieces of data.
